[ty] Preserve intersection receivers during attribute lookup (#25626)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/ty_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/attributes.md

    a_and_b.x = R()
```

For `Intersection[A, B]`, member lookup searches `A` and `B` separately to find the attribute. Once

> found, however, descriptors and `Self` must be bound using the full `A & B` receiver.

Reviewer: Minor: would be nice to move this to the section(s) below.

### Method binding uses the full intersection type

```py
from typing_extensions import Self
from ty_extensions import Intersection

class A:
    def method(self) -> Self:
        return self

class B: ...

def _(a_and_b: Intersection[A, B]):
    reveal_type(a_and_b.method())  # revealed: A & B
```

### Descriptor binding uses the full intersection type

```py

> from typing import Any, TypeVar, overload
> from typing_extensions import Self
> from ty_extensions import Intersection
> 
> T = TypeVar("T")
> 
> class Descriptor:
>     @overload
>     def __get__(self, instance: None, owner: type, /) -> Self: ...
>     @overload
>     def __get__(self, instance: T, owner: type | None = None, /) -> T: ...
>     def __get__(self, instance: object, owner: type | None = None, /) -> Any: ...
> 
> class A:
>     desc = Descriptor()
> 
> class B: ...
> 
> def _(a_and_b: Intersection[A, B]):
>     reveal_type(a_and_b.desc)  # revealed: A & B

Reviewer: Minor: The `instance: None` overload is irrelevant/distracting here?

```suggestion
from typing import TypeVar
from typing_extensions import Self
from ty_extensions import Intersection

T = TypeVar(name="T")

class Descriptor:
    def __get__(self, instance: T, owner: type | None = None, /) -> T:
        return instance

class A:
    desc = Descriptor()

class B: ...

def _(a_and_b: Intersection[A, B]):
    reveal_type(a_and_b.desc)  # revealed: A & B
```
